feat(geminidb): add resource geminidb parameter template reset (#9673)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/geminidb_parameter_template_reset.md

---
subcategory: "GeminiDB"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_geminidb_parameter_template_reset"
description: |-
  Manages a GeminiDB parameter template reset resource within HuaweiCloud.
---

# huaweicloud_geminidb_parameter_template_reset

Manages a GeminiDB parameter template reset resource within HuaweiCloud.

> 

Reviewer: add one-time action description

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "configuration_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_geminidb_parameter_template_reset" "test" {
  configuration_id = var.configuration_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

> * `configuration_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the parameter template to reset. Changing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `configuration_id` - (Required, String, NoneUpdatable) Specifies the ID of the parameter template to reset.
```

>   this parameter will create a new resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
